README.md, before:

# 🐱 Cat Meme Generator

A fun web app that generates random cat images and programming jokes! Switch between light and dark themes, and enjoy a new meme every time you click "Generate Another".

---

## 🚀 Features
- Random cat images from [The Cat API](https://thecatapi.com/)
- Random programming jokes from [JokeAPI](https://jokeapi.dev/)
- Responsive design for desktop and mobile
- Light/Dark theme toggle with animated switch
- Theme preference saved between visits

---

## 🖼️ Demo
![Cat Meme Generator Screenshot](public/images/cat-meme.png)
---

## 🛠️ Getting Started

1. **Clone the repo:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/YarikVitovsky/cat-meme-generator.git
   cd cat-meme-generator
   ```
2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. **Start the server:**
   ```bash
   nodemon index.js
   # or
   node index.js
   ```
4. **Open in your browser:**
   [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

---

## 📱 Mobile Friendly
The layout adapts to any screen size, so you can enjoy cat memes on your phone or desktop!

---

## ✨ Customization
- Change the theme colors in `index.ejs`.
- Add more joke sources or meme APIs for extra fun.

---

## 📦 Dependencies
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
- [EJS](https://ejs.co/)
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/)
- [Nodemon](https://nodemon.io/) (for development)

---

## 🐾 License
MIT

---

## 💡 Inspiration
Made for fun and learning! Enjoy the memes 😸

Commit message:

Update README with live demo link and load info

README.md, after:

# 🐱 Cat Meme Generator

A fun web app that generates random cat images and programming jokes! Switch between light and dark themes, and enjoy a new meme every time you click "Generate Another".

---

## 🚀 Features
- Random cat images from [The Cat API](https://thecatapi.com/)
- Random programming jokes from [JokeAPI](https://jokeapi.dev/)
- Responsive design for desktop and mobile
- Light/Dark theme toggle with animated switch
- Theme preference saved between visits

---

## 🖼️ Demo
**Live App:** [https://cat-meme-generator-fmmv.onrender.com](https://cat-meme-generator-fmmv.onrender.com)

![Cat Meme Generator Screenshot](public/images/cat-meme.png)

> ⚡ **Note:** First load may take a few seconds due to free hosting cold start. Subsequent loads are much faster.
---

## 🛠️ Getting Started
## 🛠️ Getting Started (Local)

1. **Clone the repo:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/YarikVitovsky/cat-meme-generator.git
   cd cat-meme-generator
   ```
2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. **Start the server:**
   ```bash
   node index.js
   # or
   nodemon index.js (for development)
   ```
4. **Open in your browser:**
   [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

---

## 🌐 Recruiter Info
- For the fastest demo, use the live app link above.
- If you run locally, install dependencies and start the server as shown above.
- **Cold start warning:** Free hosting may cause a short delay on first load.

---

## 📱 Mobile Friendly
The layout adapts to any screen size, so you can enjoy cat memes on your phone or desktop!

---

## ✨ Customization
- Change the theme colors in `index.ejs`.
- Add more joke sources or meme APIs for extra fun.

---

## 📦 Dependencies
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
- [EJS](https://ejs.co/)
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/)
- [Nodemon](https://nodemon.io/) (for development)

---

## 🐾 License
MIT

---

## 💡 Inspiration
Made for fun and learning! Enjoy the memes 😸
